OSDOCS-15002 Replace GCP Dep Mgr with Terraform in UPI install docs (#110542)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-creating-gcp-worker.adoc

.Procedure

. Copy the template from the *Infrastructure Manager template for worker machines* section of this topic and save it as `06_worker.tf` in a folder called `06_worker` on your computer. This template describes the worker machines that your cluster requires.

> ** You can edit the `06_worker.tf` file to add additional tags to the bootstrap machine, by modifying the existing `tags` stanza as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** You can edit the `06_worker.tf` file to add additional tags to the compute machines, by modifying the existing `tags` stanza as follows:
```
